<!-- URL's used in the movie-->
<a href="http://www.delraycomputer.com/flash_animation.php"></a><!-- text used in the movie-->
<!--"I have been using Matthew Lind and  Delray Computer for over two years  now to do my web design and  graphic artwork,  He is honest,  creative and hard-working and all at  a reasonable fee, I would highly  recommend him for your graphic  artwork or web design. He worked for  me as a Graphic/Web Designer and  was hired in 2008 and has worked for  me more than once. Great Results,  Expert in his field, and High Integrity." Eric Pruitt, PA "Matthew is a talented web designer,  with whom I have collaborated for a  mutual client." Lois Teeter "Matthew is a detailed oriented  person who quickly and efficiently  developed sales and marketing  materials for our clients. He has  excellent web marketing and design  skills." Barbara Cohen, REALTOR I have worked closely with Matthew  Lind and Delray Computer over the  past six years. Matt joined my team  in 2003 and worked for full time as an  assistant until June, 2005. Since then  he has worked for me from his home  office. I have come to know Matt as  well as his wife and daughter, very  well. I have always known Matt to be  truthful, honest & trustworthy. I have  entrusted Matt with my personal  financial information as well as  checking and credit card information.  He is very attentive to details and  always makes sure he gets the job  done. Matt wouldn't use "Pirated"  software for our computer when  another associate offered it to us. He  even went the extra mile to seek  various authors' permission when  asked to use parts of their articles in  emails or newsletters. Matt has  assisted me in all aspects of my real  estate business from processing  sales, to managing listings, to  creating web sites, brochures, and  postcards. I have been in the real  estate business as a broker/Realtor  for the past 29 years in Palm Beach  County, Florida. If I can be of any  further assistance, please don't  hesitate to call, write or email me. Bob Graeve, P.A., CRS Delray Computer has been so easy  to work with. It's been wonderful to  work with Matthew Lind. He created  our AviationRealtyandMore.com  website, and has been maintaining it  as well. Being busy with my aviation  real estate business, it is a relief not  to have to worry about website  headaches...Matthew keeps things  running smoothly. Judith Betz Matthew has been steadily employed  by me for over six years. Matthew  has worked for me in my home as a  computer repair technician, computer  trainer and as a network installer, and  currently works for us as a web  developer and trainer. Matthew  created and is the current web  master for our real estate web site at  www.lorettamorelli.com. Matthew is  honest and has never stolen  anything, nor has he ever over  charged us for the services he  provides. Matthew is trustworthy; he  has been in our home several times,  and also has the username and  password for our websites and has  never shared it with anyone. He has  demonstrated that he has a  professional and positive attitude and  a good work ethic, by being  courteous, polite and prompt with the  services he provides.. Matthew has  never been late for any appointments  and always makes changes to our  website within 24-48 hours of our  request.  Loretta Morelli, Realtor® -->
<object type="application/x-shockwave-flash" data="MovieScrollerTest.swf" width="205" height="194">
<param name="movie" value="MovieScrollerTest.swf"></object>